README.md, before:

# Sensible Configuration Library

Open-source SenseML configurations for public use by [Sensible](https://www.sensible.so/).

## About SenseML

SenseML is Sensible's document query language. SenseML provides a set of [primitives](https://docs.sensible.so/docs/methods) (such as `label`, `row`, and `table`) that make it easy to describe the data you'd like to extract from documents.

## Verticals

### Insurance

#### Policy declaration pages

##### Auto

- [Allstate](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/allstate/allstate.json)
- [Branch](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/branch/branch.json)
- [Dairyland](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/Dairyland/Dairyland.json)
- [Farmer's](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/farmers/farmers.json)
- [Geico](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/geico/geico.json)
- [Liberty Mutual](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/liberty_mutual/liberty_mutual.json)
- [Nationwide](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Progressive](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive.json)
- [Root Insurance](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/root_insurance/root_insurance.json)
- [State Farm](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/state_farm/state_farm.json)
- [The General](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/the_general/the_general.json)
- [Traveler's](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers.json)
- [USAA](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/usaa/usaa.json)

##### Home

- [Allstate](./home_policy_declaration_pages/allstate/allstate.json)
- [Branch](./home_policy_declaration_pages/branch/branch.json)
- [Farmer's](./home_policy_declaration_pages/farmers/farmers.json)
- [Geico](./home_policy_declaration_pages/geico/geico.json)
- [Hanover](./home_policy_declaration_pages/hanover/hanover.json)
- [Hartford](./home_policy_declaration_pages/hartford/hartford.json)
- [Lemonade](./home_policy_declaration_pages/lemonade/lemonade.json)
- [Liberty Mutual](./home_policy_declaration_pages/liberty_mutual/liberty_mutual.json)
- [Nationwide](./home_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Progessive (Short)](./home_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive_short.json)
- [Progressive](./home_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive.json)
- [Pure](./home_policy_declaration_pages/pure/pure.json)
- [State Farm](./home_policy_declaration_pages/state_farm/state_farm.json)
- [State Farm (Short)](./home_policy_declaration_pages/state_farm/state_farm_short.json)
- [Traveler's](./home_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers.json)
- [Traveler's (Geico)](./home_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers_geico.json)
- [Traveler's (High Value)](./home_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers_high_value.json)
- [USAA](./home_policy_declaration_pages/usaa/usaa.json)

##### Renters

- [Allstate](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/allstate/allstate.json)
- [Farmer's](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/farmers/farmers.json)
- [Geico](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/geico/geico.json)
- [Lemonade](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/lemonade/lemonade.json)
- [Liberty Mutual](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/liberty_mutual/liberty_mutual.json)
- [Nationwide](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Progressive (Short)](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive_short.json)
- [Progressive](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive.json)
- [State Farm](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/state_farm/state_farm.json)
- [Travelers](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers.json)
- [USAA](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/usaa/usaa.json)

##### Pet

- [Healthy Paws](./pet_policy_declaration_pages/healthy_paws/healthy_paws.json)
- [Lemonade](./pet_policy_declaration_pages/lemonade/lemonade.json)
- [Nationwide](./pet_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Trupanion](./pet_policy_declaration_pages/trupanion/trupanion.json)

##### Businessowners

- [Auto Owners](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/auto_owners/auto_owners.json)
- [Chubb](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/chubb/chubb.json)
- [CNA](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/cna/cna.json)
- [Erie](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/erie/erie.json)
- [Nationwide](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Society](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/society/society.json)



#### ACORDs

Find the ACORD year/month at the bottom left corner of each ACORD page. Often the differences between versions are minor and can use the same configuration.

- [ACORD 23 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_23/acord_23_2010_05__2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 24 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_24/acord_24_2009_09__2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 25 (04/2010_01/2014)](./acords/acord_25/acord_25_2010_05_2014_01.json)
- [ACORD 25 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_25/acord_25_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 27 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_27/acord_27_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 28 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_28/acord_28_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 45 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_45/acord_45_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 75 (09/2013)](./acords/acord_75/acord_75_2013_09.json)
- [ACORD 101 (01/2008)](./acords/acord_101/acord_101_2008_01.json)
- [ACORD 125 (12/2014)](./acords/acord_125/acord_125_2014_12.json)
- [ACORD 125 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_125/acord_125_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 126 (05/2007)](./acords/acord_126/acord_126_2007_05.json)
- [ACORD 126 (09/2011)](./acords/acord_126/acord_126_2011_09.json)
- [ACORD 126 (09/2016)](./acords/acord_126/acord_126_2016_09.json)
- [ACORD 127 (12/2015)](./acords/acord_127/acord_127_2015_12.json)
- [ACORD 130 (08/2005)](./acords/acord_130/acord_130_2005_08.json)
- [ACORD 130 (09/2013)](./acords/acord_130/acord_130_2013_09.json)
- [ACORD 130 (05/2017)](./acords/acord_130/acord_130_2017_05.json)
- [ACORD 130 (07/2019 FL)](./acords/acord_130/acord_130_2019_07_fl.json)
- [ACORD 131 (10/2009)](./acords/acord_131/acord_131_2009_10.json)
- [ACORD 131 (04/2016)](./acords/acord_131/acord_131_2016_04.json)
- [ACORD 140 (09/2007)](./acords/acord_140/acord_140_2007_09.json)
- [ACORD 140 (12/2014)](./acords/acord_140/acord_140_2014_12.json)
- [ACORD 140 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_140/acord_140_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 304 (06/2008)](./acords/acord_304/acord_304_2008_06.json)

#### Loss runs

- [AIG](./loss_runs/aig/aig.json)
- [AMIC](./loss_runs/amic/amic.json)
- [Amtrust (Worker's Comp)](./loss_runs/amtrust/amtrust_workers_comp.json)
- [Applied Underwriters](./loss_runs/applied_underwriters/applied_underwriters.json)
- [Atlas](./loss_runs/atlas/atlas.json)
- [Benchmark](./loss_runs/benchmark/benchmark.json)
- [Berkley National](./loss_runs/berkley_national/berkley_national.json)
- [Berkley Prime](./loss_runs/berkley_prime/berkley_prime.json)
- [Berkshire](./loss_runs/berkshire/berkshire.json)
- [Canal](./loss_runs/canal/canal.json)
- [Chubb](./loss_runs/chubb/chubb.json)
- [Compwest](./loss_runs/compwest/compwest.json)
- [Hallmark](./loss_runs/hallmark/hallmark.json)
- [IAT](./loss_runs/iat/iat.json)
- [ICW](./loss_runs/icw/icw.json)
- [Knight Specialty](./loss_runs/knight_specialty/knight_specialty.json)
- [Northland](./loss_runs/northland/northland.json)
- [Spirit](./loss_runs/spirit/spirit.json)
- [Statefund](./loss_runs/statefund/statefund.json)
- [Sutton](./loss_runs/sutton/sutton.json)
- [Travelers](./loss_runs/travelers/travelers.json)
- [United Specialty](./loss_runs/united_specialty/united_specialty.json)
- [Zenith](./loss_runs/zenith/zenith.json)

### Tax forms

- [941 (2022)](./tax_forms/941/941_2022.json)
- [1040 (2018)](./tax_forms/1040/2018/1040_2018.json)
- [1040 (2019)](./tax_forms/1040/2019/1040_2019.json)
- [1040 (2020)](./tax_forms/1040/2020/1040_2020.json)
- [1040 (Senior 2020)](./tax_forms/1040/2020/senior_1040_2020.json)
- [1040 (2021)](./tax_forms/1040/2021/1040_2021.json)
- [1040 (Senior 2021)](./tax_forms/1040/2021/senior_1040_2021.json)
- [1065 (2018)](./tax_forms/1065_2018.json)
- [1099 (2020)](./tax_forms/1099_2020.json)
- [1120 (2019)](./tax_forms/1120_2019.json)
- [4868 (2021)](./tax_forms/4868_2021.json)
- [4868 (2022)](./tax_forms/4868_2022.json)
- [w-2](./tax_forms/w2/w2.json)
- [w-9 (2018)](./tax_forms/w9_2018.json)

### Rate Confirmations

- [Arrive](./rate_confirmations/arrive.json)
- [CH Robinson](./rate_confirmations/ch_robinson.json)
- [Convoy](./rate_confirmations/convoy.json)
- [Coyote](./rate_confirmations/coyote.json)
- [Echo](./rate_confirmations/echo.json)
- [Eotsl](./rate_confirmations/eotsl.json)
- [JB Hunt](./rate_confirmations/jb_hunt.json)
- [Landstar Inway](./rate_confirmations/landstar_inway/landstar_inway.json)
- [LD Logistics](./rate_confirmations/ld_logistics.json)
- [Nolan](./rate_confirmations/nolan.json)
- [ORT Load](./rate_confirmations/ort_load_confirmation.json)
- [ORT](./rate_confirmations/ort.json)
- [Schneider](./rate_confirmations/schneider.json)
- [TQL](./rate_confirmations/tql.json)
- [Transfix](./rate_confirmations/transfix/transfix.json)
- [Uber Freight](./rate_confirmations/uber_freight.json)
- [US Express](./rate_confirmations/us_express/us_express.json)
- [XPO](./rate_confirmations/xpo.json)

### Verifications of employment

- [Blend](./verifications_of_employment/blend/blend.json)
- [CCC Verify](./verifications_of_employment/ccc_verify/ccc_verify.json)
- [Equifax](./verifications_of_employment/equifax/equifax.json)
- [Lender's One](./verifications_of_employment/lenders_one/lenders_one.json)
- [Truework](./verifications_of_employment/truework/truework.json)
- [Veritax](./verifications_of_employment/veritax/veritax.json)
- [Xactus](./verifications_of_employment/xactus/xactus.json)

### Pay stubs

- [ADP](./pay_stubs/adp/adp.json)
- [Gusto](./pay_stubs/gusto/gusto.json)
- [Paylocity](./pay_stubs/paylocity/paylocity.json)
- [Pay stubs](./pay_stubs/pay_stubs/pay_stubs.json)

### Real Estate

- [Closing Disclosure](./real_estate/closing_disclosure/closing_disclosure.json)

### Explanation of Benefits

- [Cigna](./eobs/cigna/cigna_2022.json)
- [Medicaid](./eobs/medicaid/medicaid.json)
- [Tricare](./eobs/tricare/tricare.json)

### Bank Statements

- [Ally (Combined Customer Statement)](./bank_statements/ally/ally_combined_customer_statement.json)
- [Bank of America](./bank_statements/bank_of_america/boa.json.json)
- [Chase (Consolidated Balance Summary)](./bank_statements/chase/chase_consolidated_balance_summary.json)
- [Well Fargo (Checking)](./bank_statements/wells_fargo/wells_fargo_checking.json)
- [Well Fargo (Savings)](./bank_statements/wells_fargo/wells_fargo_savings.json)
- [Well Fargo (Combined Statement of Accounts)](./bank_statements/wells_fargo/wells_fargo_combined_statement_of_accounts.json)
- [LLM (Any Single Account Bank Statement)](./bank_statements/LLM/any_single_account_bank_statement.json)

### Credit Card Statements

- [Credit Card Statement](./credit_card_statements/cc_statement/cc_statement.json)

### Healthcare

- [CMS 1500 (08/05)](./health_insurance_claims/cms_1500/cms_1500_08_05.json)

### HR

- [Resume](./resume/resume.json)

### Driver's Licenses

- [Driver's License](./drivers_licenses/drivers_license.json)

### Balance Sheets

- [Balance Sheet](./balance_sheets/form_10k_balance_sheet/form_10k_balance_sheet.json)

### Retirement

- [Form 5500](./retirement/form_5500.json)

### PropTech

- [Offering Memorandums](./proptech/offering_memorandums/offering_memorandums.json)
- [Rent Rolls](./proptech/rent_rolls/rent_rolls.json)

## Using a configuration

To use the library, you can sign up for a [free Sensible account](https://app.sensible.so/register).

Once you have a Sensible account, copy and paste the configuration you want to use into your configuration editor and publish it. Upload PDFs corresponding to the configuration, and changes field names, add fields, or remove fields to extract the data you want from your PDFs.

To get an overview of how to use Sensible and SenseML, check out our [quickstart guide](https://docs.sensible.so/docs/quickstart). You can also find our full SenseML reference [here](https://docs.sensible.so/docs/senseml-reference-introduction) and our API reference docs [here](https://docs.sensible.so/reference).

## Contributing to the library

If you'd like to contribute to library by adding new configurations or improving existing configurations, please open a PR. The Sensible team will review PRs periodically and pull in changes.

For other questions, please email support@sensible.so.

Commit message:

Db/voa (#106)
* adds voa configs

* updates readme

* adds config.json to voa folder

README.md, after:

# Sensible Configuration Library

Open-source SenseML configurations for public use by [Sensible](https://www.sensible.so/).

## About SenseML

SenseML is Sensible's document query language. SenseML provides a set of [primitives](https://docs.sensible.so/docs/methods) (such as `label`, `row`, and `table`) that make it easy to describe the data you'd like to extract from documents.

## Verticals

### Insurance

#### Policy declaration pages

##### Auto

- [Allstate](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/allstate/allstate.json)
- [Branch](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/branch/branch.json)
- [Dairyland](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/Dairyland/Dairyland.json)
- [Farmer's](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/farmers/farmers.json)
- [Geico](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/geico/geico.json)
- [Liberty Mutual](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/liberty_mutual/liberty_mutual.json)
- [Nationwide](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Progressive](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive.json)
- [Root Insurance](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/root_insurance/root_insurance.json)
- [State Farm](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/state_farm/state_farm.json)
- [The General](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/the_general/the_general.json)
- [Traveler's](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers.json)
- [USAA](./auto_policy_declaration_pages/usaa/usaa.json)

##### Home

- [Allstate](./home_policy_declaration_pages/allstate/allstate.json)
- [Branch](./home_policy_declaration_pages/branch/branch.json)
- [Farmer's](./home_policy_declaration_pages/farmers/farmers.json)
- [Geico](./home_policy_declaration_pages/geico/geico.json)
- [Hanover](./home_policy_declaration_pages/hanover/hanover.json)
- [Hartford](./home_policy_declaration_pages/hartford/hartford.json)
- [Lemonade](./home_policy_declaration_pages/lemonade/lemonade.json)
- [Liberty Mutual](./home_policy_declaration_pages/liberty_mutual/liberty_mutual.json)
- [Nationwide](./home_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Progessive (Short)](./home_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive_short.json)
- [Progressive](./home_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive.json)
- [Pure](./home_policy_declaration_pages/pure/pure.json)
- [State Farm](./home_policy_declaration_pages/state_farm/state_farm.json)
- [State Farm (Short)](./home_policy_declaration_pages/state_farm/state_farm_short.json)
- [Traveler's](./home_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers.json)
- [Traveler's (Geico)](./home_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers_geico.json)
- [Traveler's (High Value)](./home_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers_high_value.json)
- [USAA](./home_policy_declaration_pages/usaa/usaa.json)

##### Renters

- [Allstate](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/allstate/allstate.json)
- [Farmer's](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/farmers/farmers.json)
- [Geico](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/geico/geico.json)
- [Lemonade](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/lemonade/lemonade.json)
- [Liberty Mutual](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/liberty_mutual/liberty_mutual.json)
- [Nationwide](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Progressive (Short)](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive_short.json)
- [Progressive](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/progressive/progressive.json)
- [State Farm](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/state_farm/state_farm.json)
- [Travelers](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/travelers/travelers.json)
- [USAA](./renters_policy_declaration_pages/usaa/usaa.json)

##### Pet

- [Healthy Paws](./pet_policy_declaration_pages/healthy_paws/healthy_paws.json)
- [Lemonade](./pet_policy_declaration_pages/lemonade/lemonade.json)
- [Nationwide](./pet_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Trupanion](./pet_policy_declaration_pages/trupanion/trupanion.json)

##### Businessowners

- [Auto Owners](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/auto_owners/auto_owners.json)
- [Chubb](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/chubb/chubb.json)
- [CNA](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/cna/cna.json)
- [Erie](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/erie/erie.json)
- [Nationwide](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/nationwide/nationwide.json)
- [Society](./businessowners_policy_declaration_pages/society/society.json)



#### ACORDs

Find the ACORD year/month at the bottom left corner of each ACORD page. Often the differences between versions are minor and can use the same configuration.

- [ACORD 23 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_23/acord_23_2010_05__2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 24 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_24/acord_24_2009_09__2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 25 (04/2010_01/2014)](./acords/acord_25/acord_25_2010_05_2014_01.json)
- [ACORD 25 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_25/acord_25_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 27 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_27/acord_27_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 28 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_28/acord_28_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 45 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_45/acord_45_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 75 (09/2013)](./acords/acord_75/acord_75_2013_09.json)
- [ACORD 101 (01/2008)](./acords/acord_101/acord_101_2008_01.json)
- [ACORD 125 (12/2014)](./acords/acord_125/acord_125_2014_12.json)
- [ACORD 125 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_125/acord_125_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 126 (05/2007)](./acords/acord_126/acord_126_2007_05.json)
- [ACORD 126 (09/2011)](./acords/acord_126/acord_126_2011_09.json)
- [ACORD 126 (09/2016)](./acords/acord_126/acord_126_2016_09.json)
- [ACORD 127 (12/2015)](./acords/acord_127/acord_127_2015_12.json)
- [ACORD 130 (08/2005)](./acords/acord_130/acord_130_2005_08.json)
- [ACORD 130 (09/2013)](./acords/acord_130/acord_130_2013_09.json)
- [ACORD 130 (05/2017)](./acords/acord_130/acord_130_2017_05.json)
- [ACORD 130 (07/2019 FL)](./acords/acord_130/acord_130_2019_07_fl.json)
- [ACORD 131 (10/2009)](./acords/acord_131/acord_131_2009_10.json)
- [ACORD 131 (04/2016)](./acords/acord_131/acord_131_2016_04.json)
- [ACORD 140 (09/2007)](./acords/acord_140/acord_140_2007_09.json)
- [ACORD 140 (12/2014)](./acords/acord_140/acord_140_2014_12.json)
- [ACORD 140 (03/2016)](./acords/acord_140/acord_140_2016_03.json)
- [ACORD 304 (06/2008)](./acords/acord_304/acord_304_2008_06.json)

#### Loss runs

- [AIG](./loss_runs/aig/aig.json)
- [AMIC](./loss_runs/amic/amic.json)
- [Amtrust (Worker's Comp)](./loss_runs/amtrust/amtrust_workers_comp.json)
- [Applied Underwriters](./loss_runs/applied_underwriters/applied_underwriters.json)
- [Atlas](./loss_runs/atlas/atlas.json)
- [Benchmark](./loss_runs/benchmark/benchmark.json)
- [Berkley National](./loss_runs/berkley_national/berkley_national.json)
- [Berkley Prime](./loss_runs/berkley_prime/berkley_prime.json)
- [Berkshire](./loss_runs/berkshire/berkshire.json)
- [Canal](./loss_runs/canal/canal.json)
- [Chubb](./loss_runs/chubb/chubb.json)
- [Compwest](./loss_runs/compwest/compwest.json)
- [Hallmark](./loss_runs/hallmark/hallmark.json)
- [IAT](./loss_runs/iat/iat.json)
- [ICW](./loss_runs/icw/icw.json)
- [Knight Specialty](./loss_runs/knight_specialty/knight_specialty.json)
- [Northland](./loss_runs/northland/northland.json)
- [Spirit](./loss_runs/spirit/spirit.json)
- [Statefund](./loss_runs/statefund/statefund.json)
- [Sutton](./loss_runs/sutton/sutton.json)
- [Travelers](./loss_runs/travelers/travelers.json)
- [United Specialty](./loss_runs/united_specialty/united_specialty.json)
- [Zenith](./loss_runs/zenith/zenith.json)

### Tax forms

- [941 (2022)](./tax_forms/941/941_2022.json)
- [1040 (2018)](./tax_forms/1040/2018/1040_2018.json)
- [1040 (2019)](./tax_forms/1040/2019/1040_2019.json)
- [1040 (2020)](./tax_forms/1040/2020/1040_2020.json)
- [1040 (Senior 2020)](./tax_forms/1040/2020/senior_1040_2020.json)
- [1040 (2021)](./tax_forms/1040/2021/1040_2021.json)
- [1040 (Senior 2021)](./tax_forms/1040/2021/senior_1040_2021.json)
- [1065 (2018)](./tax_forms/1065_2018.json)
- [1099 (2020)](./tax_forms/1099_2020.json)
- [1120 (2019)](./tax_forms/1120_2019.json)
- [4868 (2021)](./tax_forms/4868_2021.json)
- [4868 (2022)](./tax_forms/4868_2022.json)
- [w-2](./tax_forms/w2/w2.json)
- [w-9 (2018)](./tax_forms/w9_2018.json)

### Rate Confirmations

- [Arrive](./rate_confirmations/arrive.json)
- [CH Robinson](./rate_confirmations/ch_robinson.json)
- [Convoy](./rate_confirmations/convoy.json)
- [Coyote](./rate_confirmations/coyote.json)
- [Echo](./rate_confirmations/echo.json)
- [Eotsl](./rate_confirmations/eotsl.json)
- [JB Hunt](./rate_confirmations/jb_hunt.json)
- [Landstar Inway](./rate_confirmations/landstar_inway/landstar_inway.json)
- [LD Logistics](./rate_confirmations/ld_logistics.json)
- [Nolan](./rate_confirmations/nolan.json)
- [ORT Load](./rate_confirmations/ort_load_confirmation.json)
- [ORT](./rate_confirmations/ort.json)
- [Schneider](./rate_confirmations/schneider.json)
- [TQL](./rate_confirmations/tql.json)
- [Transfix](./rate_confirmations/transfix/transfix.json)
- [Uber Freight](./rate_confirmations/uber_freight.json)
- [US Express](./rate_confirmations/us_express/us_express.json)
- [XPO](./rate_confirmations/xpo.json)

### Verifications of employment

- [Blend](./verifications_of_employment/blend/blend.json)
- [CCC Verify](./verifications_of_employment/ccc_verify/ccc_verify.json)
- [Equifax](./verifications_of_employment/equifax/equifax.json)
- [Lender's One](./verifications_of_employment/lenders_one/lenders_one.json)
- [Truework](./verifications_of_employment/truework/truework.json)
- [Veritax](./verifications_of_employment/veritax/veritax.json)
- [Xactus](./verifications_of_employment/xactus/xactus.json)

### Pay stubs

- [ADP](./pay_stubs/adp/adp.json)
- [Gusto](./pay_stubs/gusto/gusto.json)
- [Paylocity](./pay_stubs/paylocity/paylocity.json)
- [Pay stubs](./pay_stubs/pay_stubs/pay_stubs.json)

### Real Estate

- [Closing Disclosure](./real_estate/closing_disclosure/closing_disclosure.json)

### Explanation of Benefits

- [Cigna](./eobs/cigna/cigna_2022.json)
- [Medicaid](./eobs/medicaid/medicaid.json)
- [Tricare](./eobs/tricare/tricare.json)

### Bank Statements

- [Ally (Combined Customer Statement)](./bank_statements/ally/ally_combined_customer_statement.json)
- [Bank of America](./bank_statements/bank_of_america/boa.json.json)
- [Chase (Consolidated Balance Summary)](./bank_statements/chase/chase_consolidated_balance_summary.json)
- [Well Fargo (Checking)](./bank_statements/wells_fargo/wells_fargo_checking.json)
- [Well Fargo (Savings)](./bank_statements/wells_fargo/wells_fargo_savings.json)
- [Well Fargo (Combined Statement of Accounts)](./bank_statements/wells_fargo/wells_fargo_combined_statement_of_accounts.json)
- [LLM (Any Single Account Bank Statement)](./bank_statements/LLM/any_single_account_bank_statement.json)

### Credit Card Statements

- [Credit Card Statement](./credit_card_statements/cc_statement/cc_statement.json)

### Healthcare

- [CMS 1500 (08/05)](./health_insurance_claims/cms_1500/cms_1500_08_05.json)

### HR

- [Resume](./resume/resume.json)

### Driver's Licenses

- [Driver's License](./drivers_licenses/drivers_license.json)

### Balance Sheets

- [Balance Sheet](./balance_sheets/form_10k_balance_sheet/form_10k_balance_sheet.json)

### Retirement

- [Form 5500](./retirement/form_5500.json)

### PropTech

- [Offering Memorandums](./proptech/offering_memorandums/offering_memorandums.json)
- [Rent Rolls](./proptech/rent_rolls/rent_rolls.json)

### Verification of Assets

- [Accountchek] (./verification_of_assets/accountchek/accountchek.json)
- [Blend] (./verification_of_assets/blend/blend.json)
- [Finicity] (./verification_of_assets/finicity/finicity.json)
- [Plaid] (./verification_of_assets/plaid/plaid.json)

## Using a configuration

To use the library, you can sign up for a [free Sensible account](https://app.sensible.so/register).

Once you have a Sensible account, copy and paste the configuration you want to use into your configuration editor and publish it. Upload PDFs corresponding to the configuration, and changes field names, add fields, or remove fields to extract the data you want from your PDFs.

To get an overview of how to use Sensible and SenseML, check out our [quickstart guide](https://docs.sensible.so/docs/quickstart). You can also find our full SenseML reference [here](https://docs.sensible.so/docs/senseml-reference-introduction) and our API reference docs [here](https://docs.sensible.so/reference).

## Contributing to the library

If you'd like to contribute to library by adding new configurations or improving existing configurations, please open a PR. The Sensible team will review PRs periodically and pull in changes.

For other questions, please email support@sensible.so.
